[Music]
they look tiny hi hello what's going on
rounds I did some kind of like sure guys
welcome back to another video
I hope you're doing really really good I
couldn't tell you why I haven't done a
video like this ever I've never actually
ordered anything from athlete but
today's video is going to be my first
impressions and a full review of Alpha
lead I've ordered quite a lot of stuff
it spent quite a lot of money and it's
not sponsored or anything like I've
wanted a variety of stuff and I was
super impressed when I went on the
website because I know they are based in
America I thought I was gonna have to
like wait for quite a while like for
delivery but they must have like err a
UK branch or something so I managed to
get it next day delivery it came really
quick so I was really that was like off
to a great start and then I've got the
first sports bra on I've just been
pondering in the mirror investigation
student the situation around about 300
ish pounds and shipping was it is about
six pounds for Next Day Delivery I've
just got a little order thing here I'll
show you each piece up here and then
I'll just try it on straight after I
mean to go through what I think would be
sweat proof squat proof I'll do the
squat test and then just like talk about
camel toe for each legging it was 51
pounds which is definitely steeper but I
do think on activewear these days is so
much more expensive than it used to be
Jim shark do you even the are sort of
more pricey but I think it's because
they put more they put more time and I
thought in touristy creating leggings
that are like more squat proof and like
more flattering and chafing and a few
sort of a recent Primark testing video
they were much cheaper but again you can
sort of see the difference in like shape
wise and like a flattering me feel so
this gorgeous like black camo set that
grabbed my attention as soon as I went
on the website oh this looks nice so
this is the black camera top I saw it on
the model on the website and I just
thought it looked absolutely gorgeous
like it
quite a lot of detailing cutout I
thought I'd be really nice on it's a
completely different fabric to the one
I've got on and it's more of like a
thinner softer material and it also got
the boob inserts I hate the boob padding
but I just find it just helps like any
like it just covers any like nipple and
I don't really mind it and I don't
really mind either that I'll fate logo
on this though is in the plastics I
don't know if that would crack or not in
the wash and this is the surface keyhole
bra it was slightly more expensive than
the revival vault bra this was thirty
one pound fifty and this was 33 pound
and I got the matching surface pack
black channeler leggings
oh I definitely love this I just loved
the actual color of it so yeah these are
see a different design to the halo pink
ones that I just showed you first they
don't have any like ribbed details so I
think these are a bit more on the planar
side and then they've got the like the
plastic logo detail it's got a higher
rise or on the back and then around the
front I was thinking this would be so
flattering because it's got like a V
that goes down so I think that I've made
your waist
likes more accentuate your waist and
your shape and everything and say
Hitwise I'm more in the narrower side so
I do quite like little details like this
but by far my favorites in Congo this
style of this is so nice like I'd like
to get this in everything little color I
shouldn't get something super different
and I think it's really flattering kind
of comes a bit low light on like your
boobs kind of coming out slightly here
but it's not too bad
extra small it fits really nice and it's
not like crazy tired and it doesn't it
sort of enhance when it's like high up
here it can be reciprocated but it's not
like that at all the leggings will come
down here and really really nice feel
they're really similar to the same sort
of fabric as a surface pocket I think
and then who's them at the [ __ ]
flattering because become quite high up
so they really accentuate your like
bunker waistband cones up super high
like you can worry
hi it's often just got like you see her
daughter :
but yet these are an absolute faith and
I'd say I do you think all of the both
the sports bras but I've tried on are
super supposedly not sure in this iced
tea I think the halo I sort of more like
an egg in compared to these either
starting more like thinner and and I
generally prefer like with thinner like
it so yeah it's nice but as well as
getting the halo leggings in the rose
pink I also got them in the black so
much detailing like on the side it looks
like they really thought about like
shaping your room I am sort of thinking
maybe I should have sized up in the halo
leggings because they do looks more I
don't know how I'm gonna fit my legs
into those ah here the black halo
leggings and these are in extra small
and I do kind of think this more would
fit me better I really like how it
heists you in here and sort of pulls you
in which shapes really really nice but I
just I'd say these are definitely on
like a compressive size but then I like
how around the leg when they have like
the ripped detailing here it's actually
like sort of looser here if ive got the
semen right down the middle so that can
give you a bit of a counter but I think
in the black you can really get away
with not seeing much at all I can't see
anything in the mirror
it's got like a nice pull in here and
definitely completely squat proof and
yet really flattering on the bull area
so I would say maybe size up in this
legging because it is more on the
compressive side they come just above my
ankle and they're really really good
length and I receipt you're not going to
see any sweat marks in the black it
didn't have any revivals in stock
because I'm really wanting to try the
revival Leggett as well got the revival
bra and I got the surface pocket
leggings in charcoal gray I just wanted
to try out a few different styles so
that you could get like a good idea and
also so I could see for myself like
which my favorite style is because they
have so many different colors and these
have got like the pocket for your
phone but I never actually really used
the pocket to be honest I always put my
brought my phone like in you know I
might in my stomach area or just on the
floor in the gym and but these feel so
nice they do come around with the
Lululemon feel and they're super super
soft and I really like I've got like a
nice high-rise band also I've noticed
Saachi the stitching goes down lower on
the back so I think these will be not
really nice on your bum and then sort of
sweeps round and it's like more of like
a flattop run and yet and they've got
like loads of detailing on the legs but
yet these really remind me of like a
Lulu kind of vibe these pocket leggings
in the charcoal gray and I absolutely
love you can slightly see more like a
camel toe I don't know if it's this
color but it's completely different
February and just really Rises like the
lily lemons the definitely got proof on
like the berm area yeah I think I prefer
these to the hailer legging that is this
is what they're like on like the leg
area the extra small of this fits so
differently to the halo ones so here's
the revival vault bra in grey and I love
this I have just looked at the back and
I just love like the open back and it's
bit of me super super supportive have to
say also this is an extra small and
thinking about it I'm like a UK size a
and I usually get size small in
activewear I've got this in an extra
small and it fits really well I'd say
this is actually like I still got a bit
of room here because I did think this
might be a bit tight but yet it fits
really well I do think it's sort of for
me because I have like this bit here
hello
I sometimes like sports bras that sort
of like come a bit more around the
armpit but then obviously it can make
you a bit in the armpit as well and that
was the only thing like I'd say but it's
just like personal preference isn't it I
guess and it's quite long actually like
it comes down quite long and now onto
these working is that
Oh tight right now in it during the car
like a nice tight but I think I just had
a big meal so you just pop all right I'm
gonna start with the halo leggings in
rows and oh my god right these look so
small I don't know they look tiny but
we'll just have to see I'm not going to
judge until I've tried them on and I
think these look more of like a
compressive bit but they've got so much
detail in around the legs here that I've
noticed straight way thicker fabric and
then they've got that artfully on the
back straight off I really like how
that's like stitched logo rather than
and you know and it's like that plastic
you like put on because didn't you know
and it comes off in the wash it's so
nine and then it just looked awfully
like it starts cracking and just doesn't
look great so obviously you're not gonna
have that problem arise waste I just
don't know who have picked up the wrong
side because they look so small and I'm
not a biggest fan of like extremely
compressive legging but like they have
got a lot of stretch in them so yeah
these were 51 pounds here's the rose
pink halo leggings
I've got darken well but I do think
these seem to be like more Shearer and
and this is the same motor small but I
find that these fit the better than the
black ones they don't with any like
light colour that's what you're probably
gonna find
oh that was everything from the whole
let me know what you thought in the
comments down below don't forget to Like
and subscribe to my channel and also let
me know which your favorites that was my
favorite piece if you've got any other
questions just drop them in the collar
box down below and I'll see you guys in
the next video